docs/SHIPPING_PLAN.md, before:

# ReFrog v1 Shipping Plan

## Deployment Options

### 1. Standalone Mobile App (iOS/Android)

**Build for iOS:**
```bash
npx expo run:ios
```

**Build for Android:**
```bash
npx expo run:android
```

**Requirements:**
- Apple Developer account ($99/year) for iOS App Store
- Google Play Developer account ($25 one-time) for Play Store
- Expo Doctor to verify build configuration

### 2. Web App on rikiworld.com/WEFROG

**Current Setup:**
- Domain: rikiworld.com (GitHub Pages managed)
- Target: rikiworld.com/WEFROG

**Option A: GitHub Pages (Recommended)**
1. Build web version: `npx expo export --platform web`
2. Deploy to GitHub Pages
3. Configure custom domain in GitHub settings
4. Update DNS if needed

**Option B: Vercel (Easier)**
1. Connect repo to Vercel
2. Auto-deploy on push to main
3. Add custom domain in Vercel settings

**Option C: Netlify**
1. `npm install -g netlify-cli`
2. `netlify deploy --prod --dir=dist`
3. Configure domain in Netlify

### 3. Recommended v1 Release Order

1. **Web Version First** (lowest barrier)
   - Deploy to Vercel/Netlify
   - Test thoroughly on mobile browsers
   - Share via rikiworld.com/WEFROG

2. **iOS App** (higher reach)
   - Build with Expo
   - Test on TestFlight
   - Submit to App Store

3. **Android App** (optional, lower priority)
   - Build APK/AAB
   - Publish to Play Store

---

## v2 Feature: Book Shelf

### Overview
Add a "Book Shelf" accordion that lets users:
- Add books (title, author)
- Add quotes from each book
- Import CSV lists of books
- Suggest books/quotes via email

### Data Structure

```typescript
interface Book {
  id: string;
  title: string;
  author: string;
  quotes: BookQuote[];
  createdAt: number;
}

interface BookQuote {
  id: string;
  text: string;
  page?: number;
  createdAt: number;
}

interface BookSuggestion {
  id: string;
  type: 'book' | 'quote';
  text: string;
  contact?: string;
  createdAt: number;
}
```

### UI Components

1. **Book Shelf Accordion** (new)
   - List of books with [+] button to add
   - Each book shows title, author, quote count
   - Tap to expand and see quotes
   - "Suggest Book/Quotes" button at bottom

2. **Add Book Modal**
   - Title input (required)
   - Author input (optional)
   - CSV import option

3. **Book Detail View**
   - Book info header
   - List of quotes
   - Add quote input

4. **Suggestion Form**
   - Type toggle: [BOOK] / [QUOTE]
   - Text input
   - Optional contact
   - [SEND RECOMMENDATION] button → email to yanairikI@gmail.com

### Implementation Steps

1. Add book service (CRUD operations)
2. Create BookShelfAccordion component
3. Create AddBookModal component
4. Create BookDetail view
5. Create SuggestionForm with email
6. Integrate into main app

### Email Integration

Use React Native Linking to open email:
```typescript
const mailto = `mailto:yanairikI@gmail.com?subject=ReFrog Suggestion&body=${encodeURIComponent(suggestion)}`;
Linking.openURL(mailto);
```

### CSV Import Format

```csv
title,author
"The Alchemist","Paulo Coelho"
"Meditations","Marcus Aurelius"
```

---

## Immediate Next Steps

1. User takes screenshots of app
2. Update README with screenshots
3. Deploy web version to test
4. Build iOS app
5. Implement Book Shelf feature

Commit message:

Filter quotes to death-related only, add dislike button to plan

docs/SHIPPING_PLAN.md, after:

# ReFrog v1 Shipping Plan

## Deployment Options

### 1. Standalone Mobile App (iOS/Android)

**Build for iOS:**
```bash
npx expo run:ios
```

**Build for Android:**
```bash
npx expo run:android
```

**Requirements:**
- Apple Developer account ($99/year) for iOS App Store
- Google Play Developer account ($25 one-time) for Play Store
- Expo Doctor to verify build configuration

### 2. Web App on rikiworld.com/WEFROG

**Current Setup:**
- Domain: rikiworld.com (GitHub Pages managed)
- Target: rikiworld.com/WEFROG

**Option A: GitHub Pages (Recommended)**
1. Build web version: `npx expo export --platform web`
2. Deploy to GitHub Pages
3. Configure custom domain in GitHub settings
4. Update DNS if needed

**Option B: Vercel (Easier)**
1. Connect repo to Vercel
2. Auto-deploy on push to main
3. Add custom domain in Vercel settings

**Option C: Netlify**
1. `npm install -g netlify-cli`
2. `netlify deploy --prod --dir=dist`
3. Configure domain in Netlify

### 3. Recommended v1 Release Order

1. **Web Version First** (lowest barrier)
   - Deploy to Vercel/Netlify
   - Test thoroughly on mobile browsers
   - Share via rikiworld.com/WEFROG

2. **iOS App** (higher reach)
   - Build with Expo
   - Test on TestFlight
   - Submit to App Store

3. **Android App** (optional, lower priority)
   - Build APK/AAB
   - Publish to Play Store

---

## v2 Feature: Book Shelf

### Overview
Add a "Book Shelf" accordion that lets users:
- Add books (title, author)
- Add quotes from each book
- Import CSV lists of books
- Suggest books/quotes via email

---

## v2+ Feature: Dislike Button

### Overview
Add a dislike button to filter out unwanted quotes.

### Implementation
- Add [DISLIKE] button next to heart
- Store disliked quote IDs in AsyncStorage
- Filter out disliked quotes from rotation
- Option to "undo" or reset dislikes in settings

### Data Structure

```typescript
interface Book {
  id: string;
  title: string;
  author: string;
  quotes: BookQuote[];
  createdAt: number;
}

interface BookQuote {
  id: string;
  text: string;
  page?: number;
  createdAt: number;
}

interface BookSuggestion {
  id: string;
  type: 'book' | 'quote';
  text: string;
  contact?: string;
  createdAt: number;
}
```

### UI Components

1. **Book Shelf Accordion** (new)
   - List of books with [+] button to add
   - Each book shows title, author, quote count
   - Tap to expand and see quotes
   - "Suggest Book/Quotes" button at bottom

2. **Add Book Modal**
   - Title input (required)
   - Author input (optional)
   - CSV import option

3. **Book Detail View**
   - Book info header
   - List of quotes
   - Add quote input

4. **Suggestion Form**
   - Type toggle: [BOOK] / [QUOTE]
   - Text input
   - Optional contact
   - [SEND RECOMMENDATION] button → email to yanairikI@gmail.com

### Implementation Steps

1. Add book service (CRUD operations)
2. Create BookShelfAccordion component
3. Create AddBookModal component
4. Create BookDetail view
5. Create SuggestionForm with email
6. Integrate into main app

### Email Integration

Use React Native Linking to open email:
```typescript
const mailto = `mailto:yanairikI@gmail.com?subject=ReFrog Suggestion&body=${encodeURIComponent(suggestion)}`;
Linking.openURL(mailto);
```

### CSV Import Format

```csv
title,author
"The Alchemist","Paulo Coelho"
"Meditations","Marcus Aurelius"
```

---

## Immediate Next Steps

1. User takes screenshots of app
2. Update README with screenshots
3. Deploy web version to test
4. Build iOS app
5. Implement Book Shelf feature
